Test Date	
	(3/4/2016, ASTRONAUT) 3/4/2016 
	(3/4/2016, ASTRONAUT) 3/4/2016 
Test Number	
Crewmember ID Number	
Crewmember Name	
	(Jim Voss, ASTRONAUT) Jim Voss 
	(Joe Tanner, ASTRONAUT) Joe Tanner 
What is your age?	
What is or was your college major?	
If you are not a student, what is your current profession?	
Experience piloting aircraft?	
Certificates and ratings	
Hours piloting aircraft	
Flying time in space?	
Number of spaceflights	
Long duration?	
Total time in space	
Spacecraft simulators?	
Type of spacecraft simulators	
Hours in spacecraft simulators	
Experience working in human spacecraft?	
Hours working in human spacecraft	
Crewmember Height	
Crewmember Shoulder Width	
Crewmember thumb-tip reach	
Rate the acceptability of the crew sleeping quarters	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Crew quarters block the Orion stow location 
	(4, ASTRONAUT) A little snug, unless you fold computer up. 
Would you rather have crew sleeping quarters clustered together or spread out?	
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Too close together 
	(3, ASTRONAUT) Makes more sense. Better use of space. Consider putting the two storage locations between the sleep stations on each side. 
Rate the acceptability of the sleeping quarters in terms of sense of privacy.	
	(3, ASTRONAUT) Too close together 
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Use accordian type curtain. 
Rate the acceptability of the volume available in the sleeping quarters, for use for sleeping.	
Rate the acceptability of the volume available in the sleeping quarters, for use for personal hygiene.	
	(1, ASTRONAUT) Not enough space and where is hygeine water? 
Rate the acceptability of the height dimension of the sleeping quarters.	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Make sure its tall enough for 95% male 
Rate the acceptability of the width (entrance door to spacecraft outer shell) of the sleeping quarters.	
Rate the acceptability of your sleeping quarter location with respect to the locations of the other crewmembers' sleep stations.	
	(3, ASTRONAUT) Too close together 
	(4, ASTRONAUT) Put stowage compartment between 
Rate the acceptability of the sleeping quarters' location with respect to the locations of the nearby areas.	
Rate the acceptability of the personal hygiene storage location.	
	(1, ASTRONAUT) I would have mine in my sleep station 
	(2, ASTRONAUT) Traffic jam. One large door is bad idea. Should be more smaller doors, pullout trays to hold items. 
Rate the acceptability of room available to eat together at the table.	
	(4, ASTRONAUT) Okay, but a litle tight. Need more velcro 
Rate the efficiency of the locations of the food warmer and the potable water dispenser.	
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Hard to reach the food warmer and oven 
Would you rather have the table collapsed after meals, or have it available as a surface to use for other purposes throughout the day? (Circle one)	
	(Collapsed, ASTRONAUT) May not even use table for some meals. 
Rate the accessibility of the food storage.	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Make sure access is not blocked by crew  
	(5, ASTRONAUT) One person will get food for everyone. Not enough room for all to access. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the table	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the oven	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the food storage	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the waste bag	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the rehydration system	
	(-999, ASTRONAUT) Spread things out more 
Rate the acceptability of the command center layout.	
Rate the accessibility of the command center control panel.	
Rate the acceptability of using command center location in the habitat for personal communication (e.g. a phone call or Skype) with friends and family.	
	(3, ASTRONAUT) Consider wireless communications so you can talk to family. 
For personal communications (e.g. phone call or Skype) with friends and family, would you prefer to talk/video conference in private or the communal space? (Circle one)	
To what degree did the presence of other crew members affect your cargo transfer?	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the cargo storage for accessibility and logical location.	
	(4, ASTRONAUT) PCm is where it is. Not a problem. Don't see need to repeatly opening and closing to PCM hatch. ICH storage area is unacceptable due to one large door. Break up into smaller doors or trays. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the tool storage for accessibility and location proximity to work areas	
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Needs velcro 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the science control panel for usability and location proximity to work areas.	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) For 1 g, it would be better to move it to a higher location 
Rate the acceptability of the workspace at the workstation for usability, adequacy of surface area.	
	(2, ASTRONAUT) too much space. Don't need that much table space. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the science station for accessibility and usability.	
To what degree did the presence of other crewmembers affect your science work?	
Rate the acceptability for amount of space used for the treadmill.	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the treadmill for accessibility.	
Rate the acceptability for amount of space used for the resistive exercise equipment.	
	(2, ASTRONAUT) Too close to wall 
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Could exercise two people at same time. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the resistive exercise equipment for accessibility and unobtrusiveness.	
	(2, ASTRONAUT) Too close to wall 
	(4, ASTRONAUT) Too near EVA panel 
Rate the acceptability for the amount of volume used for personal hygiene in the node.	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Needs restraints 
	(2, ASTRONAUT) Too much room. Node is an area that should not be isolated. Hygeine should be placed elsewhere. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the personal hygiene space for convenience, accessibility and privacy.	
Rate the acceptability of the location of the personal hygiene space for privacy.	
Rate the acceptability of the LiOH canister storage location for accessibility and proximity to CO2 removal system.	
Rate the accessibility of the CO2 removal system.	
Rate the accessibility of the spent LiOH canisters inside the CO2 removal system.	
To what degree did the presence of other crewmembers affect your maintenance work?	
Rate the acceptability of location of the CO2 removal system.	
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Could be in the floor also, if that is better for the air flor plumbing. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the EVA suits.	
In the Node item removal process, rate the acceptability of the physical and mental effort.	
	(1, ASTRONAUT) Not an issue 
Rate the acceptability of the Node item removal process.	
	(5, ASTRONAUT) Be nice if this didn't have to be done. 
Rate the acceptability of the location of the EVA panel.	
Rate the acceptability of having 2 IV helpers per 2 EVA crewmembers (EV)	
	(3, ASTRONAUT) Only need 1 total 
How many IV helpers would be ideal per EVA crewmember? (EV)	
	(-1, ASTRONAUT) Only need 1 helper for 2 EVA astronauts 
Rate the acceptability of the amount of volume available for 2 crewmembers to don (put on) the EVA suits. (EV)	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Maybe too much volume 
Rate the acceptability of the amount of volume available for 2 crewmembers to doff (take off) the EVA suits. (EV)	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Maybe too much volume 
Rate the acceptability of having 2 IV helpers, per 2 EVA crewmembers. (IV)	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Just need 1 helper 
	(6, ASTRONAUT) Plenty of room for two. 
How many total IV helpers would be ideal per EVA crewmember? (IV)	
	(1, ASTRONAUT) One for both EVA crew members is ok. 
Rate the acceptability of the amount of volume available to help don (put on) the EVA suit. (IV)	
	(2, ASTRONAUT) Too much room. Need to segment node with walls. 
Rate the acceptability of the amount of volume available to help doff (take off) the EVA suit. (IV)	
	(2, ASTRONAUT) too much 
Rate the accessibility of the EVA suit. (IV)	
Rate the acceptability of the emergency egress path.	
	(6, ASTRONAUT) No real obsticals 
With training, could the 4-person crew successfully and safely egress to the Orion capsule in one minute?	
	(y, ASTRONAUT) yes, but after determining the need to egress 
	(y, ASTRONAUT) Realistic alarm. Oxygen mask straps are pretty tight. 
Overall, rate the acceptability of the habitat layout.	
	(4, ASTRONAUT) Need to spread out sleep stations, spread out food prep, and add a divider for the node 
	(4, ASTRONAUT) Put stowage between sleep stations. 
Overall, rate the acceptability of the volume of the entire space habitat for a crew of 4 for 60 days.	
Overall, rate the acceptability of the volume for the node.	
	(-888, ASTRONAUT) Too much volume 
Overall, rate the acceptability of the volume for the hab.	
	(-888, ASTRONAUT) Too small 
Rate the acceptability of the volume of public spaces in the entire space habitat.	
Rate the acceptability of the amount of private spaces in the entire space habitat.	
Is there any place where there was more volume than needed?	
	(y, ASTRONAUT) Node, and it should be broken up somehow 
	(y, ASTRONAUT) Need more private hygeine area. Could make contained off private area in node. Plenty of space above our heads. 
Is there any place where more volume is needed?	
	(n, ASTRONAUT) Volumes are ok. 
Would you change the layout or arrangement of locations?	
	(y, ASTRONAUT) Need to spread out sleep stations, spread out food prep, and add a divider for the node 
	(y, ASTRONAUT) yes, as previously discussed. 
Did any aspect/task feel unsafe due to the layout or volume constraints? If yes, explain.	
Would you like any spatial dividers? How would it impact your experience?	
	(y, ASTRONAUT) In node 
	(y, ASTRONAUT) yes, in node. 
Would the presence of windows benefit any tasks you performed?	
Would the presence of window benefit your psychological well-being?	
Overall, rate the acceptability of the amount of storage for the items you worked with.	
Overall, rate the acceptability of the location of storage.	
Is there anything else you’d like to tell us about your experience? Are there any changes you would like made to the habitat?	
	(-999, ASTRONAUT) Personal stowage locationg change as mentioned before. 
